{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue36;\red103\green183\blue164;
\red208\green168\blue255;\red161\green103\blue230;\red252\green106\blue93;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c85000;\csgenericrgb\c12054\c12284\c14131;\csgenericrgb\c40538\c71705\c64209;
\csgenericrgb\c81569\c65882\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c63137\c40392\c90196;\csgenericrgb\c98912\c41558\c36568;\csgray\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To do:\
Center the error page and progress views in the scroll view in the search tab\
\
\
\
\
No:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 fix search such that abandonarse to return abandonarse too and cajon returns caj\'f3n  \
make ver todos appear again after you delete certain amount of items in list \
update history save on click to update the timestamp\
the heart on the home page stays favorited\
the heart is liked when a word is searched that is favorited in the dictionary or just forget about this \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 customtabbar\
maybe fix database where there are two lines of bold text \
create a progress view page\
Babia estar the phrase thing fucks up the last item divider line thing. In which list? \
watch more videos from swiftly\
correct database structure: (se), accents, the double bold entries\
make each word clickable to search itself in the database\
see if there's some way to see cancellables \
figure out what the hell is going on with the animation on header, the deprecated version, why it works and how to replicate the same effect \
\
??:\
screen for autocomplete when there's nothing. maybe it could be true fuzzy search \
sort lists \
\
\
Maybe later:\
apple developer\
\
\
DONE:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 leave some bugs\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Fix scroll bar so that it's not so close to the text\
change color of logo to black \
The error page appears on autocomplete before the entry\
error in consule during simulation "failde to find a unique match for an NSEntityDescription to a managed object subclass. Apparnetly there are two NSDESCRIPTIONS for both history and favorites. No idea why, though. It's because there are two of these, 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3   \cf4 container\cf2  = \cf5 NSPersistentContainer\cf2 (\cf6 name\cf2 : \cf7 "FavoritesAndHistoryContainer"\cf2 ) i could combine the two coredata files so that it calls just one of the containers
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
create error page\
get rid of darkmode \
change color of share icon\
make same height from individual entry as listed entry from the top header\
add the recents list to the home page \
fix the recents list so that you can click on it and bring up an individual item\
fix the database thing so that I'm not creating different instance of it throughout the app \
See if ver todos thing is working okay under different circumstances \
show partial recently searched list\
remove last line from autocompleteresults \
continue working on the favoritestab/list \
start recently searched \
Fix last line on history list and\
fix github\
check words publisher after searching for navidad and ha or just after doing multiple searches. the data isn't mapping onto the data models or babia the phrase\
deletebyname function watch swift video\
search for duplicates\
why do i have two cancellables in the combine code?\
figure out why searchtab crashes when added, maybe try to divvy it up and make it smaller so it's not such a hit \
organize files \
figure out bug in entryrow\
create a shortcut to upload to github\
figure out why it inits so many times in preview\
figure out how to view the console in simulator  (it just appeared)\
make results appear from fuzzy search so that they're faster to show \
add a progress view between different autocomplete results because there's a second before each one shows \
put the search bar into another file and do the necessary bindings\
\
cd Documents/coding/coding_projects/
\f1\fs22 \cf8 \CocoaLigature0 spanish-thesaurus-swiftUI\
\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 how to save the data. because I have to alter it at some point. I could just search for it by name and not save to device. I could save to device but then I have to modify the object somehow. How can I modify the word struct. Maybe it already has a Bool and timestamp, but they are by default null. Can I edit those from the view? I could try both methods and see which one works best for my purposes. Ask ChatGPT too. I need to get to a MVP and then touch up the other project to MVPs and then start looking for work and doing technical tests. Try to see if the cascading approach works too. See if you can get that one running. 
\f1\fs22 \cf8 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18\fsmilli9240 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 showAutocomplete: true showResult: false isFocused: false tapped: false\
vm:\
[spanish_thesaurus_swiftUl.EntryModel(id:\
"63f5121a422338dbb24e227", entry:\
"abad", meanings:\
[spanish_thesaurus_swiftUI.Meaning(syno nyms: ["prior", "superior", "rector",\
"capell\'e1n", "cl\'e9rigo"], idioms: nil, americanisms: nil, antonyms: nil)]), spanish_thesaurus_swiftUI.EntryModel(id:\
"63f5121a422338dbb24e216", entry:\
"abadejo", meanings:\
[spanish_thesaurus.\
_swiftUl.Meaning(syno\
nyms: ["bacalao"), idioms: nil, americanisms: nil, antonyms: nil), spanish_thesaurus_swiftUl.Meaning(synon yms: ("reyezuelo", "r\'e9gulo", "cant\'e1rida"], idioms: nil, americanisms: nil, antonyms:\
nil)]), spanish_thesaurus_ _swiftUl.EntryModel(id:\
*63f5121a4223e38dbb24e217", entry:\
"abadengo", meanings:\
[spanish_thesaurus_swiftUl.Meaning(syno nyms: ["abacial"), idioms: nil, americanisms: nil, antonyms: nil)]), spanish_thesaurus_swiftUl.EntryModelfid:\
"6315121a4223e38dbb24e218", entry:\
"abadesa", meanings:}